OK, now we will complete the registration page we need then editor blog to display error message.
You know that we described the error message variable on the component.
We can use it to display errors if there is ocurred.
Error on the server, connection to show it, we will use it.
División element.
This element will have two classes.
One is alert and the other one is either Denge, which puts the message in a red box and we will display
it only if there is an error message so we can handle it with the NGF directive.
Finally, we will display the error message, by the way, to display content in ANGULAR, we use double
Brace's.
Now, let's see the result on the browser, actually, now we can test our register and point if the
backend is not running, we can start it from the main class to start.
It might take some time.
Now, from the browser, we can create our test user, we can type something on name, username and
password fields, then when we submit the form it will be created successfully and the login page will
be displayed.
Now, let's test an error case.
For example, when we try to create a user with the same user name that was created previously, we
will expect an error like user name already exists because user names should be unique.
OK, error message also looks like we finally I edit logging link, if the user already has an account,
the user can return back to the login page to do it.
I'll carry the link and this link will have two classes.
One is DTN and the other one is BTE and Link.
And I'll replace the ref attribute with Prata Link.
This is a built in directive in this area.
Each element stands for one segment in your pad and the other.
Our part will be a single pad and it will be looking at the linked tasks can be like I have an account
and I can change the colour of it to dark gray.
Now, let's see the result on the browser.
OK, it looks perfect, there is one last thing I want to show how we can change the components tied
on English, for example, I want to change the background color of the register, which, of course,
we should put with Cyesis, but we cannot do it by changing the color of Heidman or by the element to
change the style of a whole component angle provides a special style function.
We can do it with host or host context.
These works based on components.
So if we change the background of the Register page, it will only affect the register page.
The other page won't be affected.
Now, let's see the results on the browser.
Then we take the register page, the background color of the register page looks like orange, but when
I checked the log in, it looks like the default white color.
OK, everything looks perfect, that's all.
Thank you.